Update 06-workflow.md (#49)
carpentries-incubator/workflows-nextflow: _episodes/06-workflow.md

    read_pairs_ch = channel.fromFilePairs('data/yeast/reads/*_{1,2}.fq.gz',checkIfExists: true)

    //index process takes 1 input channel as a argument

>     index_out = INDEX(transcriptome_ch)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    index_ch = INDEX(transcriptome_ch)
```

    //quant channel takes 2 input channels as arguments

>     QUANT(index_out_ch,read_pairs_ch).view()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    QUANT( index_ch, read_pairs_ch ).view()
```

}
~~~
{: .language-groovy }

In this example, the `INDEX` process is invoked first and the `QUANT` process second.

> The `INDEX` output channel, assigned to the variable `index_out`,  is passed as the first argument to the `QUANT` process. The `read_pairs_ch` channel is passed as the second argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `INDEX` output channel, assigned to the variable `index_ch`, is passed as the first argument to the `QUANT` process. The `read_pairs_ch` channel is passed as the second argument.
```

### Process composition

Processes having matching `input`-`output` declaration can be composed so that the output of the first process is passed as input to the following process.

> For example: taking in consideration the previous workflow example, it’s possible to re-write it as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can therefore rewrite the previous workflow example as follows:
```

  transcriptome_ch = channel.fromPath('data/yeast/transcriptome/*.fa.gz')
  read_pairs_ch = channel.fromFilePairs('data/yeast/reads/*_{1,2}.fq.gz')

  // pass INDEX process as a parameter to the QUANT process
  QUANT(INDEX(transcriptome_ch),read_pairs_ch ).view()
}
~~~
{: .language-groovy }

### Process outputs

In the previous examples we have connected the `INDEX` process output to the `QUANT` process by;

> 1. Assigning it to a variable `index_out = INDEX(transcriptome_ch)` and passing it to the `QUANT` process as an argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Assigning it to a variable `index_ch = INDEX( transcriptome_ch )` and passing it to the `QUANT` process as an argument.
```

> 2. Calling the process as an argument within the `QUANT` process, `QUANT(INDEX(transcriptome_ch),read_pairs_ch)` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Calling the process as an argument within the `QUANT` process, `QUANT( INDEX( transcriptome_ch ), read_pairs_ch )` 
```
